    Title: Lab 23
    Date: 2019-12-03T20:36:07
    Authors

##What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab?

In today’s lab we focused mainly on **manipulating photos**. Using Octave to manipulate photos was a new concept to me. We covered how to turn a photo black and white, applying gradient to a photo and added a yellow tint to them. It was a very interesting topic to explore. It was also a very confusing to follow the lab in the beginning

##What concepts are familiar from other courses or from your own knowledge? 

There was no concepts that were familiar to be from previous courses or my own knowledge. This made the lab a bit tricky to follow along. I kept getting lost in what was being explained it was hard to catch up. 

##What new skills did you practice? 

In this lab I did not practice any new skills. I did however improve on my octave programming skills and my debugging skills. My octave programming skills were improved because the whole lab was programming in octave. One thing I have improved with this lab was working with vectors and arrays in octave. My debugging skills were improved because I came across some errors I had to solve. 

##What specific details did you find surprising, interesting, confusing, difficult, or otherwise important?

I found this lab pretty hard to follow along. I found the topics were very hard to follow and understand. It think the hardest thing for me to understand is how everything works in octave. This is the first time I ever worked with Octave and I found that I am having an extremely hard time understanding it and how it works.

##What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?

First we looked at **broadcasting**. We read a broadcasting section that is in the [octave documentation](https://octave.org/doc/v4.0.3/Broadcasting.html) ** add link** to help gain a better understanding of the topic. 

Then we moved on and looked at **reshaping arrays**.  In this part we ran the two lines of code that is below in the command window. Then we looked at the result to get a sense of of the method `reshape` works so we can use it later in the lab. 

```
ones(3,3,3) .* reshape([1,2,3],[1,1,3])
ones(3,3,3) .* reshape([1,2,3],[1,3,1])
```

Next we looked at **scaling layers of arrays**. In the section we took a black and white photo and added a yellow tint to it. We had to fill in the function `scale_layers`. Below is what the function would look like. 

```
function out = scale_layers(array, weights)
  out = array .* reshape(weights,[1,1,3]);
endfunction
```

After we looked at **converting to monochrome**. In this section we took a photo of an owl and applied the following method to it. Below is the function we had to fill in to have the photo transferred into monochrome. 

```
function out = monochrome(in, weights=[0.21,0.72,0.07])
  out = sum(scale_layers(in,weights), 3);
endfunction
```

The last thing we looked at was **changing the gradient** or the amount of intensity of a photo. We ran some sample code quickly to get an understanding how the function `gradient` works. Then we filled in the following function to display the owl picture using the `norming` function. 

```
function normimg = normgrad(img)
  [Dx, Dy] = gradient(img);
  normimg = sqrt(Dx.^2 + Dy.^2);
endfunction
```






