    Title: Lab 10
    Date: 2019-10-08T17:12:16
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt-Bloodsworth 
    
<h2>What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab?</h2>
<p>In this lab working with <b>JavaScript objects</b> was a new concept. It was interesting to see that the JavaScript objects were similar to the hash table in Racket.
The next new concept was <b>Deep Comparison</b>. This was a were we had to write a method to compare the values of the object's actual properties. The next new concept was <b>JavaScript Arrays</b>. These were very similar to arrays that are used in Java. </p>

<h2>What concepts are familiar from other courses or from your own knowledge?</h2>
In this lab there was not anything that was super familiar. The concept of JavaScript arrays were similar to those in Java. This helped made learning JavaScript arrays a lot easier to understand. Also having background knowledge of how arrays work too was very helpful to understand JavaScript arrays. 
 
<h2>What new skills did you practice?</h2>
I practiced my coding skills in JavaScript. This was done by working with arrays in JavaScript and objects within JavaScript. 
I also practiced my testing skills. This was done by working with jasmine in the lab to test the methods that have been created to make sure they actually worked. 

<h2>What specific details did you find surprising, interesting, confusing, difficult, or otherwise important? </h2>
I found how JavaScript concepts that were covered in today's lab was very similar to others languages we learnt in the past very interesting. It made understanding those concepts a lot easier. 

<h2>What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?</h2>
First there were some background readings ton JavaScript and function arguments. 
Then we moved on to <b>JavaScript objects</b>. Here we did a quick reading on what <a href = "http://eloquentjavascript.net/04_data.html#h_cqg63Sxe3o" > JavaScript </a> objects were. Then we moved to do a quick demonstrations about JavaScript objects. 
Next topic covered was <b>deep comparison</b>. We had to follow the deep comparison <a href = "http://eloquentjavascript.net/04_data.html#i_IJBU+aXOIC" > exercise </a> from the following link. 
Next topic covered was <b>JavaScript arrays</b>. Here we read a section from the link on what the <a href = "http://eloquentjavascript.net/04_data.html#h_HjL/otjEJn" > JavaScript arrays </a> were. Then we had some practice working with JavaScript arrays. we had to follow the steps to the sum of the range exercise to write a sum function that passes all the tests that were provided in the lab instructions.
Finally we covered <b>variadic functions</b>. 
