    Title: Lab 11
    Date: 2019-10-10T11:29:43
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt-Bloodsworth 


#What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab?

##Array methods 

Looking at Array methods we learnt that they have higher order functions that can be really useful. Learning these functions ended up being useful for working with larger lists. For example using `reduced` and an anonymous function to calculate the average of a list. Another array method that was new for me was `forEach`. This method gives the users to iterate over a list with an arbitrary action without fussing with loops indices and bounds. 

##Json parsing 

Looking at json was not particular new since we used racket in the past to parse through them. However using JavaScript to parse through the json file to retrieve the information for a specific name was a new concept. 

#What concepts are familiar from other courses or from your own knowledge?

While looking at the [higher order functions](http://eloquentjavascript.net/05_higher_order.html) that JavaScript has we learnt one of the higher order functions is `map` and `filter`. It turns out that `map` and `filter` behave similar to the Racket behavior. Knowing how they were used in Racket make it a lot easier to learn how they are used in JavaScript. 

#What new skills did you practice?

There were no new skills that I practiced in this lab. However I practiced my coding skills in JavaScript. I also practiced my testing skills. I achieved this by making sure the few section of code I wrote was able to pass the test cases that were defined in the lab instructions. 

#What specific details did you find surprising, interesting, confusing, difficult, or otherwise important?

I found the [flattened exercise](http://eloquentjavascript.net/05_higher_order.html#h_TcUD2vzyMe) to be really interesting. I found this interesting because for Assignment 3 my code was about  20 lines long. However in the lab I was able to get the same results using one line of code by using the reduce and  concat method. This showed how important it is to know the higher order functions and array methods because they can make things a lot more efficient. 

#What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?

First we had to read background information on JavaScript. This contained reading [chapter 5](http://eloquentjavascript.net/05_higher_order.html) and [chapter 6](http://eloquentjavascript.net/06_object.html) from Eloquent JavaScript. Then we looked at array methods. In this part of the lab we focused on chapter 5 a lot. We looked at how JavaScript arrays have higher order methods. Then we worked on solving the flatten exercise using the methods `reduce` and `concat`. Then we looked at parsing through a json file using JavaScript.  Here we wrote a function to find the information that is associated with a particular name that is passed in. Then we looked at methods in JavaScript.

