    Title: lab 18
    Date: 2019-11-07T07:32:16
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt-Bloodsworth

##What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab?

In today’s lab we covered **closures**. We used closures to mimic generator code which I found a bit interesting. This topic was completely new to me. I found that after I read [chapter 6 from DiP3](http://www.cs.unb.ca/~bremner/teaching/cs2613/books/diveintopython3/generators.html) the topics seemed a bit easier to follow. At the beginning, the topic was a bit difficult to understand. Then I found that after working on examples it became much easier to understand.

##What concepts are familiar from other courses or from your own knowledge?

In this lab there wasn't any concepts that were familiar to me. This made it a little hard to follow along at the beginning of the lab but once I started to understand the material it was much easier to follow along and understand what was happening.

##What new skills did you practice?

I did not practice any new skills in this lab. However I did improve on my python programming skills as well as my debugging skills. I improved on my debugging skills because I made a lot of errors so I had to go through and find where the errors were. Then I had to use my previous knowledge to figure out how to fix it, I improved my python programming skills because the whole lab was coding in python.
 
##What specific details did you find surprising, interesting, confusing, difficult, or otherwise important?

In the beginning I found the concept of the was a little tricky to understand. Once we finished going over the first example, it made more sense and the rest of the questions seem to be a bit easier. This helped me to really grasp the topic because I was able to understand the basic concepts when we the class discussed it more.
 
##What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?

The whole lab was just looking at how **closures** work to simulate generators and then a few examples. The first example we looked at was [Counter](http://www.cs.unb.ca/~bremner/teaching/cs2613/books/diveintopython3/generators.html#generators). For this example we were given the code that uses the generator. Then we had to write a function that mimics the behaviour of the other one. Below is an example of the function that we had to write. 

```python
def make_counter2(x):
	count = x
	def counter():
		nonlocal count,x
		if count ==x:
			print ('Entering make_counter')
		x = x+1
		return x-1
	return counter
```

The next example we looked at is the [Fibonacci series](http://www.cs.unb.ca/~bremner/teaching/cs2613/books/diveintopython3/generators.html#a-fibonacci-generator). Here we had to fill in the function `fib2` that will mimic the function `fib`. Below is an example of the definition for `fib2`.
 
```python
def fib2(max):
    a,b = 0,1
    def next():
        nonlocal a,b
        if a < max:
            a , b = b, a+b
            return b-a
        else:
            return None
    return next
```

