    Title: Lab 9
    Date: 2019-10-08T17:12:03
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt-Bloodsworth 

<h2>What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab?</h2>
In this lab we continued looking  JavaScript. This concepts covered in the lab was all  new concept from me. 
<h3>JavaScript</h3>
In this lab we looked at creating functions in JavaScript and using modules. This was an interesting section because it a lot of things were very similar to racket and java. Creating functions was very similar to the way they are done in java. Creating the modules were very similar to the way it was done in racket. 
<h3>Jasmine</h3>
The next new thing we covered was jasmine. This is a unit testing tool that is used. This was a very interesting thing to cover because it is always nice to find other tools that can be used to help test the code. 
<h2>What concepts are familiar from other courses or from your own knowledge?</h2>
There was nothing that was too familiar in this lab. The structure of JavaScript was familiar from racket and java. This familiar structure made it easier to gain a basic understanding of javascript. 
I was also familiar with recursion from the past coding languages. Having the past knowledge made applying recursion in java script a lot easier to understand. 
<h2>What new skills did you practice?</h2>
Some new skills I practiced was coding in JavaScript and testing through different tools. 
The skills in JavaScript was practiced by having the whole lab be based on coding in Javascript. 
The testing skills were practiced by using jasmine to run different test cases.
What specific details did you find surprising, interesting, confusing, difficult, or otherwise important?
I found the close similarities to Java and racket very interesting. It made the process of learning the new language a lot easier to begin. 
<h2>What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?</h2>
First we looked at the <b>JavaScript equality</b> and type coercion. During this we looked different statements that use <code>==</code> and looked at the results. 
Then we looked at <b>JavaScript functions</b>. We read <a href = "http://eloquentjavascript.net/03_functions.html" > JavaScript function</a> to help gain a better understanding of what they are.These are outlined very similar to the way the functions that are in Java which made it easier to understand. 
After we looked at <b>Node.js modules</b>. This was a very similar way of setting up modules as racket did. For this section we quickly read <a href = "http://eloquentjavascript.net/10_modules.html"> chapter 10</a> of the JavaScript book to gain a better understanding of modules in JavaScript.
After we looked at Jasmine. First I read the <a href = "https://jasmine.github.io/index.html" >documentation</a> and the <a href = "https://jasmine.github.io/tutorials/your_first_suite" > tutorial </a> to git better understanding of how the unit testing framework. Then we moved to testing to see how it worked with creating small simple unit test cases.
FInally we looked at <b>recursion in JavaScript</b>. This was a very similar to racket and Java. 


