    Title: Lab1
    Date: 2019-09-05T12:00:00
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt

In the lab we started with some Linux command line review. Using the command line to make directory's, open a plain text editor and editing files that way were familiar concepts I learned from a previous coop. It was a good review although because I have not used those commands in a while. 

Then we moved on working with Frog. This is new concept for me to learn. It was a very interesting concept for me to learn. At first, I found it was a little confusing but after I got playing around with it and understanding the different parts within the package and the steps we had to do I found it really easy to do. 

After we moved on to getting use to git. This was a new concept for me because I have never really worked with git besides through a web browser. First we started by reading a section from pro git. This section was very helpful for to gain a better understanding of git but reading about the basics. Understanding what the different commands do and understanding what the different messages meant was a little hard but by the end of the lab I had a lot of it understood. A new skill I had a chance to practice was working with git in a command line. I am really glad I got to practice this new skill because I think it will become very helpful in the future. I also think knowing how to be able to access git from the command line is important because it makes working with it so much easier and quicker to get the information you are looking for. 


<!-- more -->

