    Title: Lab 22
    Date: 2019-12-03T20:35:46
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt-Bloodsworth

##What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab?

In this lab there were a lot of new concepts to me. One of the new topics was **variable-length argument list**. It was an interesting concept because some of the old ideas from previous topics were used as reference. We learnt that the function `varargin` provides similar functionality to the `.rest` argument in racket or the `...rest` function in JavaScript. This made it a bit easier to understand the main concept of the function. 

The other new concept was the **k nearest neighbour** algorithm. Here we read a bit about the [k nearest neighbour](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K-nearest_neighbors_algorithm) to better understand it. This was a neat concept because it was different compared to the other topics we have been looking at. It was also easier to understand this concept because I could easily rely it to a real world scenario.

##What concepts are familiar from other courses or from your own knowledge?
 
In this lab there were no concepts that were familiar to me from other courses or my own knowledge. There were topics that I should’ve known, like the linear algebra stuff since I did take a previous class on it. 

##What new skills did you practice? 

I did not learn any new skills. I did however practice my octave programming skills and my debugging skills. I practiced my octave programming skills because the whole lab was working in octave. I also improved my debugging skills because when I find out what caused my errors through the lab. 

##What specific details did you find surprising, interesting, confusing, difficult, or otherwise important?

I found this lab to be particularly difficult because there was a lot of concepts that we should know from the course **linear algebra**. This made it difficult because it's been a while since I took linear algebra. This meant in the lab I was trying to relearn linear algebra and the new material at the same time. 

##What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?

First topic we looked at in the lab was cell arrays. In this section we looked at using the cell arrays as a list of vectors. Below is the few commands we used to get a better understanding on how it works.  

```
data = [0,0,0; 0,0,1; 0,1,0; 1,1,1]
cells = num2cell(data,2)
cellfun(@sum,cells)
```

Next we moved on to look at variable-length argument list. In this section of the lab we used [varargin](https://octave.org/doc/v4.2.0/Variable_002dlength-Argument-Lists.html) to complete the function that was given. 

Then we looked at the **K nearest neighbour** section. In this section we had to fill in the function so it returns the row of indices of the k closest rows of `data` to `v`. Then we called the following lines of code from the command window to time our nearest neighbour function.

```
load training
load testing
timeit(1000,@nearest,testing(1,:), 3, training);
```

Then we looked at **using rowfun**. In this section we had to use the find function to complete a loop free version of the [K nearest neighbour] problem. Then we added the following `timeit` call to compare the time to the other k nearest neighbour solutions.

```
timeit(10,@rowknn,3,training,testing);
```









