    Title: lab 19
    Date: 2019-11-19T07:32:27
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt-Bloodsworth 


##What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab? 

In today's lab there was a lot of topics I was familiar with from previous courses. However, there were a few topics that were new to me. The topics that were new to me was ` __inter__`  and `__next__`. At the beginning they were difficult to understand but after reading [DiP3 Chapter 7](http://www.cs.unb.ca/~bremner/teaching/cs2613/books/diveintopython3/iterators.html) helped me to understand them better. 

##What concepts are familiar from other courses or from your own knowledge?

A lot of the topics in today’s lab was very familiar to me from a previous course I took. There were a few things that were not familiar when I first started working on them. As I worked through the lab and some of the documentation then everything started to come back to me. I found that having a little bit of previous knowledge made the lab easier to follow. It also allowed me to fully understand everything that was discussed in the lab. 

##What new skills did you practice?

In this lab I did not gain any new skills. However, I did improve on a couple skills I already have. The first skill I improved was my python programming skills. I accomplished this because having the whole lab in python. I also improved writing classes in python. I improved writing classes by learning how the ` __inter__ ` and ` __next__ ` methods work. This will help me later on when I am writing my own classes in the future. 

##What specific details did you find surprising, interesting, confusing, difficult, or otherwise important?

During this lab I found understanding how the ` __next__ ` method a bit difficult in the beginning. Once I got an understanding how it works, then the rest of the lab was easier to complete because I was familiar with most of the topics from a previous course. 

##What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?

We started the lab with looking at **Counters, generators and classes**. We looked at the counter code from Lab 18 and generated the numbers by providing a compatible interface by using a [python class](http://www.cs.unb.ca/~bremner/teaching/cs2613/books/diveintopython3/iterators.html#defining-classes). 
Then we looked at the Fibonacci series and completed the definition of `__next__` so it will act like the generator.

```python
def __next__(self):
	if self.max > self.a: 
		self.a,self.b = self.b,self.a + self.b
		return self.b-self.a
	else: 
		raise StopIteration
```

The code above shows what the `__next__` function would look like. I found it was basically just taking the closure code from the last lab which made it easy to grasp the concept of how it was done. 
Then we looked **object copying and equality**. During this part of the lab we had to write the code for the method[ `__eq__ `](http://www.cs.unb.ca/~bremner/teaching/cs2613/books/diveintopython3/special-method-names.html#rich-comparisons)inorder for the test to pass. Then we also wrote an `eqal` method to be able to do arithmetic. 
Then in the lab we used [deepCopy](https://docs.python.org/3/library/copy.html) to update one of our test sets to make sure the ‘eqal` method does not change the object self.
