    Title: Lab3
    Date: 2019-09-12T14:36:42
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt-Bloodsworth


<h2>What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab?</h2>
<h3>Racket Recurison</h3>
<p>In lab three there was a lot of new topics covered. The first new topic to me was recursion in Racket. The examples on the <a href= "https://docs.racket-lang.org/guide/Lists__Iteration__and_Recursion.html#%28part._.List_.Iteration_from_.Scratch%29"> Racket Guide site </a> helped me understand the concepts a lot more. For list recursion there is first and rest functions. Being able to use these functions made the recursion part much easier than in other programming languages. </p>

<h3>Testing</h3>
<p>Another new topic was unit test and test coverage in Racket. I found this an extremely helpful tool to use. Being able to see what lines of code were used for a test case is very helpful in debugging. I found that looking at the unused line of code after a test case is found made debugging a lot easier. It saved me a lot time because I no longer had to insert print statements to see where the code was going, I was just able to look at the lines the code to see what was and was not entered. </p>

<h2>What new skills did you practice?</h2>
<p>The new skill that I practised during the lab was my debugging skills in Racket. During the lab we were taught helpful tools to test the code in Racket. By having to fix the code and make sure all the test cases passed allowed me to gain some practice using them. </p>
<h2>What specific details did you find surprising, interesting, confusing, difficult, or otherwise important?</h2>
<p>There are a few things during the lab that I found interesting. The first one was using the first and rest functions. I found them interesting because I have always struggled with recursion functions but using first and rest made recursion a lot easier to understand and solve the problem.</p>
<h2>What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?</h2>
<p>Throughout the lab there was a few different things I read to help gain a better understanding.</p> 
<p>One thing that I read was documentation on <a href= "https://beautifulracket.com/explainer/unit-testing.html" > Unit testing in racket</a>. This helped me understand the different things that I needed to know in order to complete the unit testing on the lab. It gave a nice explanation on how to be able to run the test cases.</p> 
<p>The other thing I read was the documentation on <a href= "https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Debugging-with-Git" > debugging with Git </a>. This was a helpful document to read to understand on what the lab instructions meant. </p>




