    Title: Lab 12
    Date: 2019-10-15T10:28:36
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt

#What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab?

This lab was mainly about completing the project The Robot from [Chapter 7](http://eloquentjavascript.net/07_robot.html) of the Eloquent JavaScript. We were introduced to **Spy** to use it as as tool to intercept calls to `console.log` . Spy is to be used when methods are terrible to test because they do not return anything. This allows you to be able to test the source code without actually changing the source code. Spys essentially replaces `console.log`. Another new concept was `class` in JavaScript. They seem to work very similar was the classes in java which made it easier to understand what is going on.
 
#What concepts are familiar from other courses or from your own knowledge?

There was not a lot of concepts that were familiar from other course or from my own knowledge. 

#What new skills did you practice?

I did not practice any new skills. However I did practice writing test cases in jasmine. I did this by having to write the test cases for each method that was added to ensure it worked. 

#What specific details did you find surprising, interesting, confusing, difficult, or otherwise important?

I found the ideas about spy’s to be pretty interesting. I found them to be interesting because it was a different way to test functions that did not return anything. They seem like they would be useful in testing things later on. 

#What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?

First we started with representing a graph. This was done by going to [Meadowfield](https://eloquentjavascript.net/07_robot.html#h_UmFK5fYed8) and copying the code. Then we created jasmine test cases to test the code that we copied. Then we copy the `VillageState` class from [Eloquent JavaScript](https://eloquentjavascript.net/07_robot.html#h_oekYfM5x02). Next we created jasmine test cases for the class. In order to do this we took the suggested output from chapter 7 and converted it into jasmine test cases. We had to add some extra cases in order to get full test coverage. Next we moved on to work with Spy’s. We read the [documentation](https://jasmine.github.io/tutorials/your_first_suite#section-Spies:_%3Ccode%3EcreateSpy%3C/code%3E) on it quickly. We used spy’s to test the random robot section of the code. 
 


