    Title: Lab2
    Date: 2019-09-10T11:12:08
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt-Bloodsworth

Today in the lab we covered a fair bit of material that was new to me.
The first new concept that was covered was some more different git commands. We looked at how to add just specific files, seeing what has changed after a file has been added.

Another new concept that was covered today was Racket. I have never worked with racket before and it was a little confusing but after I read some of the documentation things become pretty interesting. There was a new tool that was introduced to me as well. I have new used DrRacket so at first it was hard to grasp the different concepts. Another thing that was confusing to me was all the brackets that Racket likes. I got a lot of errors because I forgot brackets on statements. The tutorial was laid out nicely that explained things very well.

Working with DrRacket was a very interesting concept. I was really interesting working with the interactive window part. I found it very useful if you wanted to test something simple or small or see how it works. An example would be setting up the circles.

A familiar concept that we looked at in todays lab was git cloning and lookking at the git log. I worked with cloning in the first lab to verify that the push was successful. I also worked with git log to track the commit messages that were being made. 

Some new skills i practiced in this lab was using git. I learned a few different commands and how to best use them so I am not committing things that dont need to be committed 

