    Title: Lab 8
    Date: 2019-10-01T10:51:44
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt-Bloodsworth


<h2>What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab?</h2> 
This lab was mainly focused around JavaScript. JavaScript was a new language for me to learn today. In the lab it was really helpful to have the background knowledge of Java because it made things a lot easier to understand. It was also helpful knowing racket because there was a lot of shortcut ways of do things that you could not do in Java. 
    <h2>What concepts are familiar from other courses or from your own knowledge?</h2> 
There was nothing that I knew from the past used that was used in this lab. However my knowledge of Java really helped to understand JavaScript a lot easier. It also helped me pick up on the JavaScript syntax. 
    <h2>What new skills did you practice? </h2>
Some new skills I prcticed today was using debugging in JavaScript. Another skill I practiced was coding in JavaScript. The skills I practiced today are going to become helpful throught the course as we more more into JavaScript stuff. 
    <h2>What specific details did you find surprising, interesting, confusing, difficult, or otherwise important?</h2>
In this lab, I found the <b>VSCodium</b> really interesting. It seems like it would be very handy to debug the JavaScript in. I also found trying to solve the JavaScript problems really interesting. It was interesting to see the different ways that they could be solved. 
   <h2>What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?</h2>
In this lab we started working with JavaScript. First we started with understanding a little about JavaScript by reading a few different links posted in the lab. Then there was a demo on how to use VSCodium. During the demostration we were also shown that inorder to run JavaScript through the terminal, we use <code> node hello-world.js </code> . Then we used JavaScript to translate some Racket expressions. Then finally we looked at two coding problems in JavaScript. 



