    Title: Lab7
    Date: 2019-09-26T11:14:10
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt-Bloodsworth



<h2>What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab?</h2> 
<h3>Macros</h3>
In the lab we discussed the construction of programs using macros. To define a macro in racket we use <code> define-syntax-rule </code>. This is basically a function that does not evaluate the arguments. This seems like it would be helpful in a case where you want to evaluate math functions or different boolean statements. 
	<h3>Pattern Matching </h3>
The next new thing that was covered in the lab was match. This is a function where you specify a pattern to match against the data instead of specifying a test for each case. This seems like a very helpful when using a pattern against a list. 


<h2>What concepts are familiar from other courses or from your own knowledge? </h2> 
There was not a lot of familiar concepts. The only concept that was a little familiar was using <code> Let </code> and <code>Let*</code>. The only reasons why these concepts where a little familiar is because we looked at them in a previous lab. They did not completely make sense until this lab. 

<h2>What new skills did you practice?</h2>
During the lab there was not any new skills that I practiced. I practiced my problem solving skill in the lab. This was done by having to fill in the blanks in the code. This was done for part 4 of the <a href = "http://www.cs.unb.ca/~bremner/teaching/cs2613/labs/L07/">lab </a>. 

<h2>What specific details did you find surprising, interesting, confusing, difficult, or otherwise important?</h2> 
Some of the things that I found really interesting is the lab was using <code>match</code>. This was really interesting to me because it was something I have not seen before. It was a cool concept to look at another way to use something similar to <code>cons</code> for lists. 

<h2>What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?</h2> 
The first thing we had to do in the lab is read a few links to get some background. 
Then we looked at <b>macros</b>. During this section we looked at redefining <code>and</code> and redefining <code>or</code>. 
Then we looked at <b>pattern matching</b>. Here we used match with maps and looked at <code>Let</code> and <code>Let *</code>. 
Then we looked at <b>list transformers to macros</b>. During this part of the lab we looked at reading a list in a macro. 
