    Title: Lab 21
    Date: 2019-11-26T17:11:27
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt-Bloodsworth 

##What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab?

###Working with grids 

During this section of the lab we observed how ranges work and how `surf` work. The function `surf` takes in points and plots them in a graph. We also saw how the Octaves built in [meshgrid](https://octave.org/doc/v4.2.1/Three_002dDimensional-Plots.html#XREFmeshgrid) function works. Meshgrid will take a cartesian product of two arrays. This second on the lab was very interesting because we also explored how range in Octave works. The out put of `surf` was very interesting because it plotted the points in a 3D graph. 
 
###Creating 3d plots 
The next new topic we looked at was making 3D plots. In the past labs we used `surf()` which created a 3D plot but we never looked much into writing the code to initialize the points. This was a pretty interesting section because the plot that was produced was very interesting. We also discovered that there is something called `contourf()`. This will produce a 2D version of the plot. 

###Using arrayfun 
In this section we learnt what `arrayfun` is and how to use [anonymous functions](https://octave.org/doc/v4.2.0/Anonymous-Functions.html). 

####arrayfun

The function `arrayfun` will take a function as the first parameter then the other parameters will be arrays. This function will take one or more arrays in. Then `arrayfun` will apply the given function to each of the element in the arrays. At the beginning I fond it a little hard to understand how `arrayfun` works. Then I found [this site](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/arrayfun.html) and it really helped me understand `arrayfun` a lot more.

####anonymous function

Anonymous functions in the Octave can appear in two different formats. The first format takes the function and assigns it to a variable. Then pass the variable where the function would go. Below is an example of what the code would look like. 

```
f=@(x,y)(delta(beta,a,[x;y]));
Z=arrayfun(f,X,Y);
```

The second format will have the anonymous function written in as the first parameter. Below is an example of how that could would work. 

```
arrayfun(@(x,y)(delta(beta,a,[x;y]))
```

##What concepts are familiar from other courses or from your own knowledge? 

In the lab there was only one concepts that I was familiar with. At the beginning I was finding the tasks we were expected to do a bit hard. When we got about half way through the lab I found I was understanding the material a bit more. This made the last half of the lab a bit easier to follow. 

The concept I was familiar with was **defining and testing a function**. I was only a little familiar with this topic because we looked at in the last lab. This did not really help me to understand the lab because I still did not understand them completely. At the end of today's lab I understand them a bit better. 

##What new skills did you practice? 

During the lab I worked on my Octave programming skills. I did this because the whole lab was programming in Octave. I also worked on my debugging skills. This skill was improved because throughout the lab I got a couple errors and I had to figure out how to fix them. The most frequent error I got was that I was not calling the files with the test cases in them properly. Instead of calling them by `test delta`, I was just calling `delta`. 

##What specific details did you find surprising, interesting, confusing, difficult, or otherwise important?

I found how to create a range interesting. This seemed similar to some of the languages we looked at. The code to create a range is `r = [-1:0.5:1]`. The first parameter (-1) is the starting point in the range. The second parameter (0.5) is how much to increment by. The third parameter (1) is the end number. 

##What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?

First we looked at girds and how you can create them in Octave. We also explore how Octave creates ranges. 

Then we moved to defining and testing functions. During this section of the lab we filled in the function that was provided in the lab instructions. We then had to complete the three test cases that was also provided. 

Then we moved to creating 3D plots. We had to fill in the code for the file `surfvex` that was provided in the lab instructions. Below is an example of what the code would look like for `surfvex`. 

```
a = [4;4];
beta = 7.5;

%% Generating vectors
range = [-4:0.1:8];

% Compute cartesian product (grid)
[X,Y] = meshgrid(range,range);
[rows,cols] = size(X);

for i = 1:rows
  for j = 1:cols
    b = [X(i,j); Y(i,j)];
    Z(i,j) = delta (beta,a,b);
  endfor
endfor

surf(X,Y,Z);
%contourf(X,Y,Z);
```

During this section we replaced `surf(X,Y,Z)` with `contour(X,Y,Z)`.

Then we moved on to look at arrayfun and anonymous functions. The previous graphs were created in the file `surfvex`. For this section we had to create a file called `surfvex2`. This will produce the same graphs as above by using anonymous functions instead of the for loop. We had to fill in `f` so it becomes an anonymous function. Below is what the code looks like with the anonymous function. 

We compared the time it took the anonymous function to run compared to the one with the for loop. It turns out that the function that uses the anonymous function is a bit faster. Below is a copy of what was typed into the command line. 

```
>> surfvex
Elapsed time is 0.672515 seconds.
>> surfvex2
Elapsed time is 0.548361 seconds.
```



