    Title: Lab4
    Date: 2019-09-17T10:58:26
    Authors: Cassandra Wendlandt-Bloodsworth

<p>In lab 4 we did a lot more group discussion and demonstrations than compared to the past labs.</p>
<h2>What new concepts (if any) did you learn about in this lab?</h2>
<p>In today’s lab there was a few new topics that we covered. The first one is scribble and the other one is modules in Racket. </p>
<h3>Scribble</h3>
<p>We looked at how to create blog using scribble. It was really interesting to learn how to combine Racket into the document. Using both Racket and scribble to create a document would be a good way to help save some work. An example that was talked about in class was using it so you no longer had to copy down the copyrights to the document. The copyrights could just be stored in a function and the document then could call the function. </p>
<h3>Modules</h3>
<p>Modules were another interesting topic we covered today. Modules are basically another way to write functions in one file and call them from another file in the same space.  This would seem really helpful because the function can be wrote once and then called from other files. Instead of continuously writing the same function in multiple programs that use.</p>
<h2>What concepts are familiar from other courses or from your own knowledge?</h2>
<p>I was familiar with the debugger in Dr Racket before the lab. I was familiar with it because while working on my assignment I ran into errors and used the debugger to help fix them. </p>
<h2>What new skills did you practice?</h2>
<p>The new skilled I practised in the lab today was working with scribble. It was a little challenging to get the code to work for the first few tries but then it slowly was easier. This is a new skill because it gives me another format I could use for writing journals. </p>
<h2>What explicit tasks (e.g. reading) were you given during this lab?</h2>
<p>During the lab I read through some different material that helped understand the did situations better. 
<p>First I read the <a href= "https://docs.racket-lang.org/scribble/getting-started.html?q=%40-syntax#%28part._how-to~3areader%29" > Racket documentation</a>  to gain a better understanding of the syntax used in scribble. </p>
To gain a better understanding of how modules worked, I read the <a href= "https://docs.racket-lang.org/guide/Module_Syntax.html#%28part._module-syntax%29" > Racket module documentation</a>. The documentation was easy to follow and answered most of the questions on how to complete part 5 of the lab. 
</p>
